README.md, before:

# LeetCode

LeetCode Algorithm


| # | Name | Solution | Difficulty  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 0764 | Min Cost Climbing Stairs | [python](./python/0764.min-cost-climbing-stairs/min-cost-climbing-stairs.py) | Easy |
| 0583 | Delete Operation for Two Strings | [python](./python/0583.delete-operation-for-two-strings/delete-operation-for-two-strings.py) | Medium | 
| 0551 | Student Attendance Record I | [python](./python/0551.student-attendance-record-i/student-attendance-record-i.py) | Easy |
| 0392 | Is Subsequence | [python](./python/0392.is-subsequence/is-subsequence.py) | Easy |
| 0257 | Binary Tree Paths | [python](./pthon/0257.binary-tree-paths/binary-tree-paths.py) | Easy | 
| 0245 | Shortest Word Distance III | [python](./python/0245.shortest-word-distance-iii/shortest-word-distance-iii.py) | Medium |
| 0244 | Shortest Word Distance II | [python](./python/0244.shortest-word-distance-ii/shortest-word-distance-ii.py) | Medium | 
| 0243 | Shortest Word Distance I | [python](./python/0243.shortest-word-distance/shortest-word-distance.py) | Easy |
| 0242 | Valid Anagram | [python](./python/0242.valid-anagram/valid-anagram.py) | Easy |
| 0237 | Delete Node in a Linked List | [python](./python/0237.delete-node-in-a-linked-list/delete-node-in-a-linked-list.py) | Easy |
| 0236 | Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Tree | [python](./python/0236.lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-tree/lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-tree.py) | Medium |
| 0235 | Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Search Tree | [python](./python/0235.lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-search-tree/lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-search-tree.py) | Easy |
| 0234 | Palindrome Linked List | [python](./python/0234.palindrome-linked-list/palindrome-linked-list.py) | Easy |
| 0231 | Power of Two | [python](./python/0231.power-of-two/power-of-two.py) | Easy |
| 0230 | Kth Smallest Element in a BST | [python](./python/230.kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst/kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst.py) | Medium |
| 0226 | Invert Binary Tree | [python](./python/0226.invert-binary-tree/invert-binary-tree.py) | Easy |
| 0225 | Implement Stack using Queues | [python](./python/0225.implement-stack-using-queues/implement-stack-using-queues.py) | Easy |
| 0219 | Contains Duplicate II| [python](./python/0219.contains-duplicate-ii/contains-duplicate-ii.py) | Easy |
| 0217 | Contains Duplicate | [python](./python/0217.contains-duplicate/contains-duplicate.py) | Easy |
| 0213 | House Robber II | [python](./python/0213.house-robber-ii/house-robber-ii.py) | Medium |
| 0206 | Reverse Linked List| [python](./python/0206.reverse-linked-list/reverse-linked-list.py) | Easy |
| 0205 | Isomorphic Strings | [python](./python/0205.isomorphic-strings/isomorphic-strings.py) | Easy |
| 0204 | Count Primes | [python](./python/0204.count-primes/count-primes.py) | Easy |
| 0203 | Remove Linked List Elements | [python](./python/0203.remove-linked-list-elements/remove-linked-list-elements.py) | Easy |
| 0202 | Happy Number | [python](./python/0202.happy-number/happy-number.py) | Easy |
| 0198 | House Robber  | [python](./python/0198.house-robber/house-robber.py) | Easy |
| 0189 | Rotate Array | [python](./python/0189.rotate-array/rotate-array.py) | Easy |
| 0176 | Second Highest Salary | [sql](./sql/0176.second-highest-salary/second-highest-salary.sql) | Easy |
| 0175 | Combine Two Tables | [sql](./sql/0175.combine-two-tables/combine-two-tables.sql) | Easy |
| 0173 | Binary Search Tree Iterator | [python](./python/0173.binary-search-tree-iterator/binary-search-tree-iterator.py) | Medium |
| 0172 | Factorial Trailing Zeroes | [python](./python/0172.factorial-trailing-zeroes/factorial-trailing-zeroes.py) | Easy |
| 0171 | Excel Sheet Column Number | [python](./python/0171.excel-sheet-column-number/excel-sheet-column-number.py) | Easy |
| 0170 | Two Sum III - Data structure design | [python](./python/0170.two-sum-iii-data-structure-design/two-sum-iii-data-structure-design.py) | Easy |
| 0169 | Majority Element | [python](./python/0169.majority-element/majority-element.py) | Easy |
| 0167 | Two Sum II - Input array is sorted | [python](./0167.two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted/two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted.py) | Easy |
| 0160 | Intersection of Two Linked Lists | [python](./0160.intersection-of-two-linked-lists/intersection-of-two-linked-lists.py) | Easy |
| 0157 | Read N Characters Given Read4 | [python](./python/0157.read-n-characters-given-read4/read-n-characters-given-read4.py) | Easy |
| 0155 | Min Stack | [python](./python/0155.min-stack/min-stack.py) | Easy |
| 0146 | LRU Cache | [python](./python/0146.lru-cache/lru-cache.py) | Medium |
| 0142 | Linked List Cycle II | [python](./python/0142.linked-list-cycle-ii/linked-list-cycle-ii.py) | Medium |
| 0141 | Linked List Cycle | [python](./python/0141.linked-list-cycle/linked-list-cycle.py) | Easy |
| 0139 | Word Break | [python](./python/0139.word-break/word-break.py) | Medium |
| 0138 | Copy List with Random Pointer | [python](./python/0138.copy-list-with-random-pointer/copy-list-with-random-pointer.py) | Medium |
| 0136 | Single Number | [python](./python/0136.single-number/single-number.py) | Easy |
| 0125 | Valid Palindrome | [python](./python/0125.valid-palindrome/valid-palindrome.py) | Easy |
| 0122 | Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock II | [python](./python/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii.py) | Easy |
| 0121 | Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock | [python](./python/0121.best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock.py) | Easy |
| 0120 | Triangle | [python](./python/0120/triangle.py) | Medium |
| 0119 | Pascal's Triangle II | [python](./python/0119.pascals-triangle-ii/pascals-triangle-ii.py) | Easy |
| 0118 | Pascal's Triangle | [python](./python/0118.pascals-triangle/pascals-triangle-ii.py) | Easy |
| 0114 | Flatten Binary Tree to Linked List | [python](./python/0114.flatten-binary-tree-to-linked-list/flatten-binary-tree-to-linked-list.py) | Medium |
| 0113 | Path Sum II | [python](./python/0113.path-sum-ii/path-sum-ii.py) | Medium |
| 0112 | Path Sum | [python](./python/0112.path-sum/path-sum.py) | Easy |
| 0111 | Minimum Depth of Binary Tree | [python](./python/0111.minimum-depth-of-binary-tree/minimum-depth-of-binary-tree.py) | Easy |
| 0110 | Balanced Binary Tree | [python](./python/0110.balanced-binary-tree/balanced-binary-tree.py) | Easy |
| 0109 | Convert Sorted List to Binary Search Tree | [python](./python/0109.convert-sorted-list-to-binary-search-tree/convert-sorted-list-to-binary-search-tree.py) | Medium |
| 0108 | Convert Sorted Array to Binary Search Tree | [python](./python/0108.convert-sorted-array-to-binary-search-tree/convert-sorted-array-to-binary-search-tree.py) | Easy |
| 0107 | Binary Tree Level Order Traversal II | [python](./python/0107.binary-tree-level-order-traversal-ii/binary-tree-level-order-traversal-ii.py) | Easy |
| 0106 | Construct Binary Tree from Inorder and Postorder Traversal | [python](./python/0106.construct-binary-tree-from-inorder-and-postorder-traversal/construct-binary-tree-from-inorder-and-postorder-traversal.py) | Medium |
| 0105 | Construct Binary Tree from Preorder and Inorder Traversal | [python](./python/0105.construct-binary-tree-from-preorder-and-inorder-traversal/construct-binary-tree-from-preorder-and-inorder-traversal.py) | Medium |
| 0104 | Maximum Depth of Binary Tree | [python](./python/0104.maximum-depth-of-binary-tree/maximum-depth-of-binary-tree.py) | Easy |
| 0103 | Binary Tree Zigzag Level Order Traversal | [python](./python/0103.binary-tree-zigzag-level-order-traversal/binary-tree-zigzag-level-order-traversal.py) | Medium |
| 0102 | Binary Tree Level Order Traversal | [python](./python/0102.binary-tree-level-order-traversal/binary-tree-level-order-traversal.py) | Medium | 
| 0101 | Symmetric Tree | [python](./python/0101.symmetric-tree/symmetric-tree.py) | Easy  | 
| 0100 | Same Tree | [python](./python/0100.same-tree/same-tree.py) | Easy | 
| 0096 | Unique Binary Search Trees | [python](./python/0096.unique-binary-search-trees/unique-binary-search-trees.py) | Medium |
| 0095 | Unique Binary Search Trees II | [python](./python/0095.unique-binary-search-trees-ii/unique-binary-search-trees-ii.py) | Medium |
| 0092 | Reverse Linked List II | [python](./python/0092.reverse-linked-list-ii/reverse-linked-list-ii.py) | Medium |
| 0070 | Climbing Stairs | [python](./python/0070.climbing-stairs/climbing-stairs.py) | Easy |
| 0066 | Plus One | [python](./python/0066.plus-one/plus-one.py) | Easy |
| 0064 | Minimum Path Sum | [python](./python/0064.minimum-path-sum/minimum-path-sum.py) | Medium |
| 0062 | Unique Paths | [python](./python/0062.unique-paths/unique-paths.py) | Medium |
| 0051 | N-Queens | [Java](./java/src/n_queens/Solution.java) | Medium |
| 0033 | Search in Rotated Sorted Array | [python](./python/0033.search-in-rotated-sorted-array/search-in-rotated-sorted-array.py) | Medium |
| 0022 | Generate Parentheses | [python](.python/0022.generate-parentheses/generate-parentheses.py) | Medium |
| 0019 | Remove Nth Node From End of List | [python](./python/0019.remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list/remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list.py) | Medium | 
| 0017 | Letter Combinations of a Phone Number | [python](./python/0017.letter-combinations-of-a-phone-number/letter-combinations-of-a-phone-number.py) | Medium |
| 0015 | 3Sum | [python](./python/0015.3sum/3sum.py) | Medium |
| 0012 | Integer to Roman | [python](./python/0012.integer-to-roman/integer-to-roman.py) | Medium |
| 0011 | Container With Most Water | [python](./python/0011.container-with-most-water/container-with-most-water.py) | Medium |
| 0008 | String to Integer (atoi) | [python](./python/0008.string-to-integer-atoi/string-to-integer-atoi.py) | Medium |
| 0007 | Reverse Integer | [python](./python/0007.reverse-integer/reverse-integer.py)  [java](./java/reverse_integer/Solution.java)| Easy |
| 0005 | Longest Palindromic Substring | [python](./python/0005.longest-palindromic-substring/longest-palindromic-substring.py) | Medium | 
| 0004 | Median of Two Sorted Arrays | [python](./python/0004.median-of-two-sorted-arrays/median-of-two-sorted-arrays.py) | Hard | 
| 0003 | Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters | [python](./python/0003.longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters.py) | Medium |
| 0002 | Add Tow Number| [python](./python/0002.add-two-numbers/add-two-numbers.py) | Medium |
| 0001 | Two Sum | [python](./python/0001.two-sum/two-sum.py) | Easy |

Commit message:

add 0034.Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array

README.md, after:

# LeetCode

LeetCode Algorithm


| # | Name | Solution | Difficulty  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 0764 | Min Cost Climbing Stairs | [python](./python/0764.min-cost-climbing-stairs/min-cost-climbing-stairs.py) | Easy |
| 0583 | Delete Operation for Two Strings | [python](./python/0583.delete-operation-for-two-strings/delete-operation-for-two-strings.py) | Medium | 
| 0551 | Student Attendance Record I | [python](./python/0551.student-attendance-record-i/student-attendance-record-i.py) | Easy |
| 0392 | Is Subsequence | [python](./python/0392.is-subsequence/is-subsequence.py) | Easy |
| 0257 | Binary Tree Paths | [python](./pthon/0257.binary-tree-paths/binary-tree-paths.py) | Easy | 
| 0245 | Shortest Word Distance III | [python](./python/0245.shortest-word-distance-iii/shortest-word-distance-iii.py) | Medium |
| 0244 | Shortest Word Distance II | [python](./python/0244.shortest-word-distance-ii/shortest-word-distance-ii.py) | Medium | 
| 0243 | Shortest Word Distance I | [python](./python/0243.shortest-word-distance/shortest-word-distance.py) | Easy |
| 0242 | Valid Anagram | [python](./python/0242.valid-anagram/valid-anagram.py) | Easy |
| 0237 | Delete Node in a Linked List | [python](./python/0237.delete-node-in-a-linked-list/delete-node-in-a-linked-list.py) | Easy |
| 0236 | Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Tree | [python](./python/0236.lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-tree/lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-tree.py) | Medium |
| 0235 | Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Search Tree | [python](./python/0235.lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-search-tree/lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-search-tree.py) | Easy |
| 0234 | Palindrome Linked List | [python](./python/0234.palindrome-linked-list/palindrome-linked-list.py) | Easy |
| 0231 | Power of Two | [python](./python/0231.power-of-two/power-of-two.py) | Easy |
| 0230 | Kth Smallest Element in a BST | [python](./python/230.kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst/kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst.py) | Medium |
| 0226 | Invert Binary Tree | [python](./python/0226.invert-binary-tree/invert-binary-tree.py) | Easy |
| 0225 | Implement Stack using Queues | [python](./python/0225.implement-stack-using-queues/implement-stack-using-queues.py) | Easy |
| 0219 | Contains Duplicate II| [python](./python/0219.contains-duplicate-ii/contains-duplicate-ii.py) | Easy |
| 0217 | Contains Duplicate | [python](./python/0217.contains-duplicate/contains-duplicate.py) | Easy |
| 0213 | House Robber II | [python](./python/0213.house-robber-ii/house-robber-ii.py) | Medium |
| 0206 | Reverse Linked List| [python](./python/0206.reverse-linked-list/reverse-linked-list.py) | Easy |
| 0205 | Isomorphic Strings | [python](./python/0205.isomorphic-strings/isomorphic-strings.py) | Easy |
| 0204 | Count Primes | [python](./python/0204.count-primes/count-primes.py) | Easy |
| 0203 | Remove Linked List Elements | [python](./python/0203.remove-linked-list-elements/remove-linked-list-elements.py) | Easy |
| 0202 | Happy Number | [python](./python/0202.happy-number/happy-number.py) | Easy |
| 0198 | House Robber  | [python](./python/0198.house-robber/house-robber.py) | Easy |
| 0189 | Rotate Array | [python](./python/0189.rotate-array/rotate-array.py) | Easy |
| 0176 | Second Highest Salary | [sql](./sql/0176.second-highest-salary/second-highest-salary.sql) | Easy |
| 0175 | Combine Two Tables | [sql](./sql/0175.combine-two-tables/combine-two-tables.sql) | Easy |
| 0173 | Binary Search Tree Iterator | [python](./python/0173.binary-search-tree-iterator/binary-search-tree-iterator.py) | Medium |
| 0172 | Factorial Trailing Zeroes | [python](./python/0172.factorial-trailing-zeroes/factorial-trailing-zeroes.py) | Easy |
| 0171 | Excel Sheet Column Number | [python](./python/0171.excel-sheet-column-number/excel-sheet-column-number.py) | Easy |
| 0170 | Two Sum III - Data structure design | [python](./python/0170.two-sum-iii-data-structure-design/two-sum-iii-data-structure-design.py) | Easy |
| 0169 | Majority Element | [python](./python/0169.majority-element/majority-element.py) | Easy |
| 0167 | Two Sum II - Input array is sorted | [python](./0167.two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted/two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted.py) | Easy |
| 0160 | Intersection of Two Linked Lists | [python](./0160.intersection-of-two-linked-lists/intersection-of-two-linked-lists.py) | Easy |
| 0157 | Read N Characters Given Read4 | [python](./python/0157.read-n-characters-given-read4/read-n-characters-given-read4.py) | Easy |
| 0155 | Min Stack | [python](./python/0155.min-stack/min-stack.py) | Easy |
| 0146 | LRU Cache | [python](./python/0146.lru-cache/lru-cache.py) | Medium |
| 0142 | Linked List Cycle II | [python](./python/0142.linked-list-cycle-ii/linked-list-cycle-ii.py) | Medium |
| 0141 | Linked List Cycle | [python](./python/0141.linked-list-cycle/linked-list-cycle.py) | Easy |
| 0139 | Word Break | [python](./python/0139.word-break/word-break.py) | Medium |
| 0138 | Copy List with Random Pointer | [python](./python/0138.copy-list-with-random-pointer/copy-list-with-random-pointer.py) | Medium |
| 0136 | Single Number | [python](./python/0136.single-number/single-number.py) | Easy |
| 0125 | Valid Palindrome | [python](./python/0125.valid-palindrome/valid-palindrome.py) | Easy |
| 0122 | Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock II | [python](./python/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii.py) | Easy |
| 0121 | Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock | [python](./python/0121.best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock.py) | Easy |
| 0120 | Triangle | [python](./python/0120/triangle.py) | Medium |
| 0119 | Pascal's Triangle II | [python](./python/0119.pascals-triangle-ii/pascals-triangle-ii.py) | Easy |
| 0118 | Pascal's Triangle | [python](./python/0118.pascals-triangle/pascals-triangle-ii.py) | Easy |
| 0114 | Flatten Binary Tree to Linked List | [python](./python/0114.flatten-binary-tree-to-linked-list/flatten-binary-tree-to-linked-list.py) | Medium |
| 0113 | Path Sum II | [python](./python/0113.path-sum-ii/path-sum-ii.py) | Medium |
| 0112 | Path Sum | [python](./python/0112.path-sum/path-sum.py) | Easy |
| 0111 | Minimum Depth of Binary Tree | [python](./python/0111.minimum-depth-of-binary-tree/minimum-depth-of-binary-tree.py) | Easy |
| 0110 | Balanced Binary Tree | [python](./python/0110.balanced-binary-tree/balanced-binary-tree.py) | Easy |
| 0109 | Convert Sorted List to Binary Search Tree | [python](./python/0109.convert-sorted-list-to-binary-search-tree/convert-sorted-list-to-binary-search-tree.py) | Medium |
| 0108 | Convert Sorted Array to Binary Search Tree | [python](./python/0108.convert-sorted-array-to-binary-search-tree/convert-sorted-array-to-binary-search-tree.py) | Easy |
| 0107 | Binary Tree Level Order Traversal II | [python](./python/0107.binary-tree-level-order-traversal-ii/binary-tree-level-order-traversal-ii.py) | Easy |
| 0106 | Construct Binary Tree from Inorder and Postorder Traversal | [python](./python/0106.construct-binary-tree-from-inorder-and-postorder-traversal/construct-binary-tree-from-inorder-and-postorder-traversal.py) | Medium |
| 0105 | Construct Binary Tree from Preorder and Inorder Traversal | [python](./python/0105.construct-binary-tree-from-preorder-and-inorder-traversal/construct-binary-tree-from-preorder-and-inorder-traversal.py) | Medium |
| 0104 | Maximum Depth of Binary Tree | [python](./python/0104.maximum-depth-of-binary-tree/maximum-depth-of-binary-tree.py) | Easy |
| 0103 | Binary Tree Zigzag Level Order Traversal | [python](./python/0103.binary-tree-zigzag-level-order-traversal/binary-tree-zigzag-level-order-traversal.py) | Medium |
| 0102 | Binary Tree Level Order Traversal | [python](./python/0102.binary-tree-level-order-traversal/binary-tree-level-order-traversal.py) | Medium | 
| 0101 | Symmetric Tree | [python](./python/0101.symmetric-tree/symmetric-tree.py) | Easy  | 
| 0100 | Same Tree | [python](./python/0100.same-tree/same-tree.py) | Easy | 
| 0096 | Unique Binary Search Trees | [python](./python/0096.unique-binary-search-trees/unique-binary-search-trees.py) | Medium |
| 0095 | Unique Binary Search Trees II | [python](./python/0095.unique-binary-search-trees-ii/unique-binary-search-trees-ii.py) | Medium |
| 0092 | Reverse Linked List II | [python](./python/0092.reverse-linked-list-ii/reverse-linked-list-ii.py) | Medium |
| 0070 | Climbing Stairs | [python](./python/0070.climbing-stairs/climbing-stairs.py) | Easy |
| 0066 | Plus One | [python](./python/0066.plus-one/plus-one.py) | Easy |
| 0064 | Minimum Path Sum | [python](./python/0064.minimum-path-sum/minimum-path-sum.py) | Medium |
| 0062 | Unique Paths | [python](./python/0062.unique-paths/unique-paths.py) | Medium |
| 0051 | N-Queens | [Java](./java/src/n_queens/Solution.java) | Medium |
| 0034 | Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array | [python](.python/0034.find-first-and-last-position-of-element-in-sorted-array/find-first-and-last-position-of-element-in-sorted-array.py) | Medium |
| 0033 | Search in Rotated Sorted Array | [python](./python/0033.search-in-rotated-sorted-array/search-in-rotated-sorted-array.py) | Medium |
| 0022 | Generate Parentheses | [python](.python/0022.generate-parentheses/generate-parentheses.py) | Medium |
| 0019 | Remove Nth Node From End of List | [python](./python/0019.remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list/remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list.py) | Medium | 
| 0017 | Letter Combinations of a Phone Number | [python](./python/0017.letter-combinations-of-a-phone-number/letter-combinations-of-a-phone-number.py) | Medium |
| 0015 | 3Sum | [python](./python/0015.3sum/3sum.py) | Medium |
| 0012 | Integer to Roman | [python](./python/0012.integer-to-roman/integer-to-roman.py) | Medium |
| 0011 | Container With Most Water | [python](./python/0011.container-with-most-water/container-with-most-water.py) | Medium |
| 0008 | String to Integer (atoi) | [python](./python/0008.string-to-integer-atoi/string-to-integer-atoi.py) | Medium |
| 0007 | Reverse Integer | [python](./python/0007.reverse-integer/reverse-integer.py)  [java](./java/reverse_integer/Solution.java)| Easy |
| 0005 | Longest Palindromic Substring | [python](./python/0005.longest-palindromic-substring/longest-palindromic-substring.py) | Medium | 
| 0004 | Median of Two Sorted Arrays | [python](./python/0004.median-of-two-sorted-arrays/median-of-two-sorted-arrays.py) | Hard | 
| 0003 | Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters | [python](./python/0003.longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters.py) | Medium |
| 0002 | Add Tow Number| [python](./python/0002.add-two-numbers/add-two-numbers.py) | Medium |
| 0001 | Two Sum | [python](./python/0001.two-sum/two-sum.py) | Easy |
